Our payment service is just about complete.
Last thing we have to do is emit an event saying that, well, we successfully charged an order.
Now, one thing I want to point out is that we looked at this diagram a little bit ago, and inside
the payment service, this box right here was meant to reflect a collection of charge objects.
Just, you know, when I first put this diagram together, I was going to call the payments collection
charges.
But then as we started to go through these videos, I realized that calling this collection charges
and also having Stripe API meant as something called charges was really confusing.
And that's why I eventually ended up changing the name of the collection itself over to payments that
kind of reflected the name of the service itself pretty well as well.
So with that in mind, we should probably change the name of this event down here to something like
payment created.
As well.
So we're going to go back over to our common module.
We're going to define a new interface for a payment created event.
We're then going to make sure that after we create a new payment, we just emit or publish this event
that says, Hey, a payment was just created, and then presumably either our order service or perhaps
the ticket service, some other service is going to listen for this event.
And as soon as it sees it, it's going to say, okay, this order or ticket has been paid for time to
release this ticket to whoever just paid for it.
So that's pretty much it.
We'll get started first by going back over to our common module and defining a new event of payment
created.
So back inside of our common module, I'll find the QQ directory inside the events folder.
I'll make a new file of payment created events.
Also open up my subject's file.
I'll make sure that we add in a new subject so that we can use that inside this new event.
So I'm going to add in a new subject of.
Amy created.
Payment.
Colon, read it.
Then inside of our event file at the top, let's import subjects from subjects.
And then we will export a interface called payment related event.
As usual, this thing is going to have a subject property that is subjects not created.
And then a data property.
So whenever we create a payment and we tell the rest of the world that a payment was just created,
well, we're just going to share all the information tied to the payment.
So we'll share the idea of the payment itself, the ID of the stripe charge and the idea of the order
as well.
I can say that this thing is going to have an ID as a string and order ID as a string.
And a stripe I.D. as a string as well.
At present, no other part of our application really needs a stripe ID whatsoever because we don't have
any other part of our app that's actually going to reach out to the Stripe API.
But once again, kind of thinking towards the future here, maybe we eventually will have some additional
service that verifies payments or handles returns or who knows what.
And so there might eventually be another service in the future that needs that stripe ID.
Either way, it doesn't really cost us a lot to throw that extra property inside of here, so we'll
just include it.
So there is our event definition.
So I'm going to close that file out.
Don't forget, we do have to export that new event from the Common Module's Index file.
So inside of indexes at the bottom, we'll add in another export from events payment related event.
After saving all three those files.
So index subjects and the new event file.
Let's go ahead and republish the common module and then update the version of it used in all of our
different services, or at least for right now.
How about just payments?
So back at my terminal.
I'm going to change into my common module.
Come on.
There we go.
And do an NP run pub.
It looks like I'm on version 24 by this point.
So I'll just make sure that gets published and I'll very quickly go around to all my different services
and just update their versions really quickly.
I'm going to first start off with the payment service.
So inside of payments and PM update.
All right.
I'm going to copy that update command because I'm going to run it once or twice after this.
So I'll then go back out and change into orders and run the same command.
And then finally I'll do it once again just for our tickets service.
We don't really need to update expiration right now because the expiration service doesn't have anything
to do with the idea of payments.
We'll go back out to tickets update.
And that will be the last one.
So I just updated payments, orders and tickets.
All right.
It's now back inside of our payment service.
There's payments.
I'm going to find my events directory.
Inside of events, I'll make a new folder of publishers.
And then inside of that, I'll make a new file of.
He meant created publisher.
That's.
I know this video is a little bit long, but our publishers are really easy and straightforward to put
together.
So let's just write out the publisher really quickly.
At the very top, I will import my subjects publisher, base, class and the payment created event.
For my common module.
You'll notice I'm getting an error around payment created event as usual.
I'll have to do is reload this window or restart my editor and TypeScript should realize that we have
that new type available.
Yep.
There we go.
All right, I'll then export a new class of payment created publisher.
That's going to extend my publisher base class.
That is a generic type, so I will stick in the payment related event.
And then I will list out my subject as subjects payment created and the value as subjects dot payment
created.
And there we go.
There's our publisher.
Kate, let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back, the next video.
We'll just make sure that right after.
We create our charge and our payment and save the payment.
We will then publish a new event to tell the rest of the world that a payment has been created.